added documentation on common controller parameters (#855)
ros-controls/ros2_controllers: doc/controllers_index.rst

   IMU Sensor Broadcaster <../imu_sensor_broadcaster/doc/userdoc.rst>
   Joint State Broadcaster <../joint_state_broadcaster/doc/userdoc.rst>
   Range Sensor Broadcaster <../range_sensor_broadcaster/doc/userdoc.rst>

Common Controller Parameters
****************************

> Every controller and broadcaster have a few common parameters that are necessary upon initialization. These parameters are `update_rate` and `is_async`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every controller and broadcaster has a few common parameters that are optional upon initialization:
```

Author: These parameters are needed to be set before configuring the controller.

Reviewer: I updated my suggestion.

I saw now that the docs lack of proper description of the lifecycle changes/transitions (nothing to link to).

Author: Hello, I reformatted a bit. Can you verify?

Every controller and broadcaster has a few common parameters. They are optional, but if needed they have to be set before ``onConfigure`` transition to ``inactive`` state, see `lifecycle documents <https://design.ros2.org/articles/node_lifecycle.html>`__. Once the controllers are already loaded, this transition is done using the ``configure_controller`` service of the controller_manager:

> Every controller and broadcaster has a few common parameters. They are optional, but if needed they have to be set before ``onConfigure`` transition to ``inactive`` state, see `lifecycle documents <https://design.ros2.org/articles/node_lifecycle.html>`__. Once the controllers are already loaded, this transition is done using the `configure_controller` service of the controller_manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every controller and broadcaster has a few common parameters. They are optional, but if needed they have to be set before ``onConfigure`` transition to ``inactive`` state, see `lifecycle documents <https://design.ros2.org/articles/node_lifecycle.html>`__. Once the controllers are already loaded, this transition is done using the service ``configure_controller`` of the controller_manager.
```

> * `update_rate`: An unsigned integer parameter representing the rate at which every controller/broadcaster runs its update cycle. When unspecified, they run at the same frequency as the controller_manager.
> * `is_async`: A boolean parameter that is needed to specify if the controller update needs to run asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``update_rate``: An unsigned integer parameter representing the rate at which every controller/broadcaster runs its update cycle. When unspecified, they run at the same frequency as the controller_manager.
* ``is_async``: A boolean parameter that is needed to specify if the controller update needs to run asynchronously.
```
